# Fragments to Facts: Partial-Information Fragment Inference from LLMs

### Abstract
Large language models (LLMs) can leak sensitive training data through memorization and membership inference attacks. Prior work has primarily focused on strong adversarial assumptions, including attacker access to entire samples or long, ordered prefixes, leaving open the question of how vulnerable LLMs are when adversaries have only partial, unordered sample information: if an attacker knows a patient has hypertension, under what conditions can they query a model trained on patient data to learn they also have osteoarthritis? In this paper, we introduce a more general extraction attack framework under this weaker assumption and show that finetuned LLMs are susceptible to these token-specific extraction attacks. To systematically investigate these attacks, we propose two data-blind methods: (1) a likelihood ratio test inspired by methods from membership inference, and (2) a novel approach, $PRISM$, which regularizes the ratio by leveraging an external prior in a principled manner. Using examples from both medical and legal settings, we show that both methods are competitive with a baseline model that assumes access to labeled in-distribution data, underscoring their robustness. 

### How to Use Our Code


To prepare the data to finetune the medical summarization task:
```
python data_prep_index.py
python data_prep.py
bash data_prep_upload.sh

## we have formatted data available under ./medical/formatted_data/
```

To finetune on our medical summarization task: 
```
## Remember to change parameters (model, split, train_epoch, eval_epoch, lora etc.)
export TOGETHER_API_KEY="{your_key}"
bash medical/run_finetune.sh
```

To extract target/shadow/world model probabilities after fine-tuning,, run the following code in order:
```
python medical/prob_extraction_target.py --model_tag {your_model_tag} --hf_key {your_hf_key} --together_key {your_together_ai_key}
python medical/prob_extraction_shadow.py --model_tag {your_model_tag} --hf_key {your_hf_key} --together_key {your_together_ai_key}
python medical/prob_extraction_world.py --model_tag {your_model_tag} --hf_key {your_hf_key} --together_key {your_together_ai_key}
```

We have cached our results for reproducibility. The results and figures can be generated by just running 
```
## Remember to change parameters (model, epoch etc. in the file)
python evaluation/eval_pipeline.py
```

The code works the same for the legal setting. Replace `medical/` with `law/` in the above codes.
